[Zhao Tao/ Daryl K - Catch the Wind]
[Lyricist - Zhao Tao]
♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first, slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the  Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Teacher: Take Care of Yourself]
[Episode 26]
[Shaofeng and Ruyi finally got married]
[Miaomiaosheng and Louyin met once more after separated by long distance]
Rich people just like to destroy things.
This Jiang Muchun, if she was going to destroy the evidence, just destroy the evidence.
Why did she burn this place down?
Your Tang Feilong Detective series
was also burnt in the fire.
Is it sad?
No.
All my memories with you are stored in my head.
Imprinted in my memory. Becoming more resolute with the passing of time.
I still have a lot of time to write graphic novels.
Your sayings are nice.
Then don't use the name Tang Feilong in the future.
This generous.
-Do I need to pay to use your name?
-No.
After all, you're be using my last name soon.
Tang Tanshi. Does it sound good?
I don't want it. It sounds like a joke.
You're not sticking to your words.
That was a special circumstance.
I thought you were going to die, okay?
So I just agreed then.
You're willing to be a widow.
You still don't want to marry me?
I was anxious at the time.
Master. What are you doing?
Seems like this fire
really helped us find what we were looking for.
Sang Jie hid the gold in the room.
The most dangerous place is also the safest place.
I think Old Tie already knew the gold was hidden in the County Office.
The key and Sang Jie's tomb
Everything was used to trick Jiang Muchun and divery her attention.
He didn't want to share the gold, but all of it.
No wonder this is the only new wall
is new
Sir, I have news to give the emperor.
Oh my lord.
We've been looking for so long, but it was under our noses the whole time.
We finally found it.
A few months later
Gutang Bookstore
Miaomiaosheng!
Everyone, please be quiet. Today Gutang Bookstore's
new branch is open. This coincides with the release of Miaomiaosheng's new novel.
So everything is 20% off.
-Okay.
Don't rush, don't rush.
There's enough for everyone.
-Okay, okay.
-You want this book, right?
Why is Older sister Lingyin still not down here?
-You take this, take this.
-There's too many people.
I don't know either. She quit after she finished her novel.
She said she wanted to experience life and collect inspiration for her next novel.
Miss, don't fight. Everyone will get one.
Okay, okay. Don't fight, there's one for everyone.
Don't scream. Come with me.
Little girl, do you want money or your life?
Is this fun, brother?
How did you recognize me with this disguise?
The same method. The same style. It's not the first time I've been kidnapped by you.
Am I stupid?
Why did you come out today?
I
I'm going to buy roasted chicken.
You know how to pick. This is Tongling's best roasted chicken.
This is the most beautiful boss in all of
Tongling's roasted chicken place.
So you were not here to eat roasted chicken,
but here for the boss?
Don't talk nonsense. There's only you in my heart.
You may say that, but you treat me like your brother.
Anyway, I'm already taken.
If you want to be in a relationship in the latter half of your life, then stop mentioning me all the time.
What latter half of my life?
I will happily wander around Jianghu and be carefree.
I never waste a moment on women.
Really?
Let's go eat.
-Go.
-Let's go.
Guess what, my novels are selling really well.
Look.
-Wow, there's a lot.
-I'm treating.
-Okay.
-Clean it more carefully!
Head Constable Zheng!
-Head Constable Zheng.
You two have done a great job at rebuilding the County Office. Here is some compensation.
-This much?
- Take it. Lord Tang wanted to thank everyone.
This time we all worked hard. Take this money and live a good life. You two put your money away!
Yes.
I must go to the Capital to provide a report.
These two letters are the recommendations for the new Magistrate.
He will definitely support you guys.
Xiaoliu, this ribbon really suites you.
Master.
Sir, you were the best Magistrate.
Okay. Our master isn't dying.
Besides, you've only known that corrupt official Sang Jie. Stop flattering him.
Right.
As for Cong Shun, I've let him stay. Someone who turns over a new leaf is precious. Take care of him well.
Yeah. Then Sir we will leave first.
Giving out money? Where is mine?
I'm going back to the Capital.
Why does it matter to me?
What are you saying?
This is a good chance to take advantage while they're off guard. Why don't you know to treasure it?
I understand now. You called me here to give me a warning, right?
You're scared I will do something to Linying when you're not here.
Lord Tang. Lord Tang, why are you so petty.
Rest assured.  As a wanderer of Jianghu, when I say I've put it down it means I've put it down.
I won't concern myself with Lingying. And for this money,
I will watch over her. If someone tries to snatch her I will...
-I'm leaving!
- Do some serious business with your brothers.
Thanks.
[Tongling County Office]
Why are you here?
Thank you.
Try one.
It's sweet, in the future it won't be bitter.
Master said that everyone makes mistakes.
As long as you're willing to change, we will all treat you like we did before.
Really?
I don't have to go?
No.
I finally have a home.
Eat another one.
So sweet.
When you smile it's even sweeter.
Boss.
Wait a second.
You pulled me out to buy a blanket?
What else?
I have no alternative but to stay at your place for a few nights.
All of Tongling's inns are full?
Thanks to you, there are so many young girls who came to Tongling to see what Tang Tianyuan looks like.
Now our guest rooms are all full. Shouldn't you take responsibility for me.
Here. Customer,  what kind of fabric do you want?
Any requirements for size and quality?
I want cotton from Huizhou with embroidery in Suzhou.
How long is your bed?
Let me think.
You two are newlyweds right? Your affection is so sweet. You even come and buy quilt covers together.
No. No.
I know. You are a bit shy. How about I pick one for you?
How about this one? Newlyweds should use red covers.
This one is nice, it really suites us.
Really? Did you do this on purpose?
The shopkeeper found out with his discerning eyes.
No.
Then we are sharing a blanket.
How much?
3 liang
Pay.
Good eyes.
Good bye!
Little Fang, Little Zhuang! Help Master Tang pack his luggage.
Okay!
Let me see.
Manager, do you still want this mirror?
How did it break?
I woke up last night and saw the boss turning over fireworks.
I lost my grip and...
Such a big crack. There's no way it can still be used.
It's okay. You guys can get back to work.
Oh.
See I told you, it's okay.
He has such a nice temper. He won't scold me.
Qingchen, look!
When you look at the candle through the crack,
if you look at it like this, the flame looks much bigger.
Really!
If there's no crack, then the light won't shine through.
The mirror is so much better with this crack.
Is it okay for the mirror to be broken for this sliver of light?
There is no mirror that won't be broken.
We have to think in a positive way.
Or else how are we going to live?
Your family doesn't want you anymore. This a crack.
But my mum and I are the light that penetrates through the crack.
Mother's death is also a crack.
But you will remember me from time to time, and bring me steamed buns.
You are my light.
Then you are my light, and I am your light!
Lord Tang.
A letter came from the palace. The queen really misses you.
Let's go back to the palace together.
I already told your sister.
She's accepted this, so you don't need to worry.
Lord Tang, thank you.
Ever since our Mother died, my sister and I have relied on each other.
I never thought that someone would come between us.
And become a vital part of our lives.
I still remember when I was young, I broke my father's concubine's bronze mirror.
She was so angry. It was my sister who took the punishment for me.
She said
This crack is my past.
But she and her mother were the light that penetrates through the crack.
So truthfully speaking, when you first appeared.
I thought my light had been stolen.
Qingchen. Relax.
I am here. I won't let you or your sister endure any wrong.
I ask you, brother-in-law, you must take care of my sister well.
Master. Come up to drink some beer.
Go quickly, brother-in-law.
Okay.
Thank you, brother-in-law.
Sis, the cracks in our lives
will always find the light eventually. You found Master Tang,
But you will always be my light.
The moonlight is pretty tonight.
Yeah.
We found the gold, everything is back to normal.
Looking back now, it's so hard to forget everything.
Aren't I the biggest gain?
When we first met I prepared a foot basin for you.
And tricked you out of so much money. Isn't that very cruel?
Yeah, but I like it a lot.
Right.
Now the emperor wants me to go back and report to him. The office in the capital also needs me for a case.
Do you want to go back with me first,
Or are you going to go back with Xi Hulu later?
You have your own path to go and I have my own things to do.
You can also write books when you go to the Captial.
Qingchen will go back to the Capital with you soon.
Someone has to look after the bookstore.
Besides, I need to write the ending to the detective novels soon.
But we aren't here. How can you do it alone?
I grew up.
The Capital needs you, Tongling's small bookstore
It needs me.
Well you always have your own ideas.
Although it's been busy since I ran away from the marriage till now, I've realised a truth.
Even though I was born as a woman, I am not anyone's accessory.
I have my own things to do.
And I shouldn't lose myself for love.
You like the hardworking me right?
You grew up.
Right. There is one more thing.
Thank you.
Thank you for not letting me lose hope when I was young.
And thank you for giving me the courage to do what I want to do.
I also want to thank, the brave younger me.
Without him
I don't know how I would be able to find you
in this boundless sea of faces.
-♫ The night goes on; the road is long. Without you, I will be afraid  ♫
Cause and effect is predetermined by fate. We must have been fated.
God put in so much effort to put you in front of me.
♫ with just the right balance of love ♫
We can't let his efforts go to waste, right?
That is of course.
♫  Will there be an outcome?  ♫
♫ Who said love won’t  ♫
♫  Turn one's world blue  ♫
♫  This indecisive feeling is like a lock  ♫
Leave with me, okay?
They say that time reveals a person's heart.
If you really want to marry me. Then when you're done with work come find me.
♫  your freedom and your carefreeness ♫
♫  Also locks away your sadness ♫
Okay.
Ruyi!
Sorry.
Miaosheng Restaurant
Food is here!
Miaosheng House's re-opening. Hot pepper stir-fried pork is free today.
Dear guest, this is our signature dish.
Our lady boss asks you, why don't you want to claim your title as a military scholar?
You don't regret staying here?
From now on,
I will not hold my sword. I want to hold her hand.
This type of life is better than anything.
Too spicy?
It's good.
Tell your boss
From now on, I am this restaurant's boss!
Okay.
Let me pour you a drink.
Please enjoy.
[Tongling County Office]
These were all done by you?
Yes, it was all done by me.
- Not bad.
- Cong Shun, Cong Shun. Pour the wine.
- Fill it up, fill it up.
- This delicious fragrance...
-Come.
-The dishes are here.
- Did you eat any secretly?
- It smells so good.
Head constable Zheng, I brought the books you wanted.
-Qingchen. Welcome.
-Sit, sit.
Come over here. Sit.
-Sit here, sit here.
-Everyone, take a seat.
When are we starting?
Is it a farewell party for Tang Tianyuan? I must eat a lot then.
What are you saying?
If not for Lord Tang helping you to clear your name,
you would be in Tianmu Mountain eating tree barks!
Wait.
-The dishes are here.
-Miss.
Be careful. It's nothing.
Hurry and sit.
Magistrate Assistant Zhou?
Oh... this is making me blind.
Previously I heard Sir talking about Assistant Zhou. Who knew she'd be so pretty?
It's not as pretty as you.
Head constable Zheng, didn't you say
the dishes made by Miss Ruyi would cause a stomachache.
As long Miss Ruyi is willing to make it,
I'll eat the dishes for the rest of my life.
-Shut up.
-Advisor, you're here.
Let's start.
We're starting? Everyone, let's eat.
Sister. How come master didn't come?
He said he would see you all in the future.
I suppose he's already on this way now.
Look.
What beautiful fireworks.
Let's eat everyone. The dishes are getting cold.
Here, here.
Eat more.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, ♫
♫ As I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, ♫
♫ Just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫ The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, ♫
♫ Where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit ♫
♫ Of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk ♫
♫ And another cup ♫
Older sister Lingyin have been looking
out the window for half a year.
I think she's worried about new inspiration.
Stupid. Sister Lingyin is lovesick.
Tang master has been gone for 7 months.
How come he's not back?
Don't eat so much.
I didn't eat that many.
Master.
Sister.
Qingchen.
You're back. I'll make some food for you to eat.
-I'll clean up your room.
-Okay.
Sister.
You are back. How is it? is it good?
Are you tired? Go rest.
It's just Tang master isn't back.
The Emperor still needs him so he can't come back as promised.
Okay.
What?
I've not seen you for half a year, you look like a frostbitten fruit. Isn't it just Sir Tang only?
Who was it who said before that they would also enjoy their life without him?
Of course,
I was just tired from writing all night.
Oh, right older sister. Did Miaosheng House reopen again?
I haven't even gone to see it yet. Can you go with me?
I am not in the mood today, let's go another time. Go rest since you just came back, okay?
Then did you know that Zhou Ruyi is pregnant?
What?
Head constable Zheng, this beast! I will go look for him right now!
Hey.
Customers, come in this way.
Have a good day, come again next time.
This way please.
Come back again.
You come here often.
Zheng Shaofeng, come out.
What kind of person is here making a scene?
My surname is Tang, name is Feilong.
I am a great scholar.
To help His Majesty ease his worries, I have come here.
Somehow, I became the magistrate of this little county.
But there's no advisor here.
What should I do?
I heard the office is looking for an Advisor. I have come to take a look.
How can a woman be an Advisor?
Sir, don't look down on girls. I am talented in both martial arts and literary skills.
Come on.
Let's try.
Miss, be careful of your stomach.
Let go.
Stop acting. It's fake, not fun at all.
Hug.
Wait.
You. Will you look at the miss who sells tofu anymore?
I haven't. I haven't looked.
Forget it. A real man doesn't argue with women.
At this time, a man should sharply shout:
Miss, I was wrong.
Miss, don't be angry or it'll hurt our daughter.
Why can't it be a son? A son.
If it's a son, we will both take care of you.
If it's a girl
I'll take care of you both.
The temperature is getting colder in July, and August is not over.
It's a great time to hold a wedding.
If everything goes well, by this time next year
we will be able to take our child to see the first snow.
Advisor, love is all.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, a good dream ♫
♫ A youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows, too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, a good dream ♫
♫ A youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫